Django hello world challenge (#19)
Justice-Through-Code/fall_2021: challenges/django_hello_world_challenge/README.md

# Django challenge: make the helo world app!

In this challenge, to get started with Django, you'll remake the "Hello World" app from class and add a few extra features

# 1. Get set up for Django

> * First, go to your personal folder in your pod repo and *on a new branch* make a `django_apps` directory there. You'll use this directory to store django apps you make in class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* First, go to your personal folder in your pod repo and *on a new branch* make a `django_projects` directory there. You'll use this directory to store django apps you make in class
```

> * In the `django_apps` folder, use `venv` to create and activate a new virtual environment. Once the environment is activated, use `pip install django` to get django installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the `django_projects` folder:
- Run `python3 -m venv django-env` to create a new virtual environment
- Run `source django-env/bin/activate` on Unix/MacOS or `django-env\Scripts\activate.bat` on Windows to activate the virtual environment
- Run `pip install django` to install Django
- Run `pip freeze > pip freeze > requirements.txt`
```

Reviewer: We can also add an instruction to not push virtual environment related files by creating a `.gitignore` file. Running the script below will automatically do it as long as its `django_projects`:

```
echo -e "django-env/" >> .gitignore
```
